>> Scott Moss: And then we're gonna
talk about the types of tests.
Basically everything can
be tested with node.
There's literally no code you
cannot write that cannot be tested.
You can test your
packers.json if you want.
If you can write it you can test it.
There's just no way you cannot test it.
And the different types are unit.
So you have unit tests which are you're
testing the small blocks of code.
For instance, if I were to unit test,
actually we wrote unit test here.
So for instance, we wrote unit test if
the length of the user is the length of
the post, we wanted to see if
api.getUserById what the ID would be.
So we're testing individual pieces of code
and not how they work together, right.
We're not testing I wanna test this whole
route to see if it does all of this stuff.
No, I just want to test this one
function that does this one thing,
it says individual units and
not how they work in a whole.
Unit tests can get you pretty far, so
definitely stick with a unit test.
They're the easiest to do.
They force you to write clean code, and
yeah, they're pretty easy to set up.
So start with those.
Integration tests
are tests where you're testing a lot
of things integrated with each other.
So I wanna test that
this API call does this.
That API call might do
a thousand different things.
It might do this database query,
this database query, talk to Stripe,
talk to Airbnb, go to analytics,
and then it's done.
And you wanna test that one API call.
So it's like an integration test.
So you would do that to test
things that work together.
That's also very helpful cuz you wanna
make sure things do their job when
they're connected.
But you also should individually test all
those different units separately inside of
that route to make sure that
they work independently and
that they're doing their job.
And the argument might be said,
if you'd write some good unit tests,
maybe you don't need integration tests.
I don't know,
it really depends on your system.
But I know if you write really good
unit tests, you're gonna go far.
Just write some good unit tests.
End-to-end testing is like that,
but a step further.
So it's like starting from a client,
I wanna go all the way to the server and
back and test that.
So for this you would need some type of
web thing, especially if it's a web app.
So you would need some type of browser,
whether it's a PhantomJS or
hitless Chrome or whatever, because you
need to actually load up a browser and
type some stuff in a field,
hit a button, and see what happens.
That's a full end to end test.
There's a user argument where is like,
this is not needed.
And yeah, I would say for the most part I
never do end-to-end test, but I've also
worked with a lot of big companies and
they absolutely have the end-to-end test.
So it really depends on your application.
But this is a lot of work to do,
and there's actually a lot of
companies popping up now that
solve just this one problem.
So yeah,
don't try to fix that one yourself.
UI testing is almost like end-to-end
testing but it's just for the UI.
I'm going to take some, I'm gonna see
if this CSS changed, I wanna do some,
basically just anything UI testing,
I wanna see if this interaction
does what it's supposed to do.
So either UI testing, whether it's on
the browser or whether it's on node,
you you do some type of UI testing.
Snapshot testing is really cool.
So you take snapshots of a component
versus another component once it changed,
and you make sure that
there is no difference.
And that snapshot can be
an actual visual snapshot or
it can just be a snapshot of the dom
to make sure the dom is the same.
So however you do it, node can handle it.
We do the dom, so if we change it,
if a component dom spits out with these
divs and these classes in this order and
then somebody did a PR and
officer is dom is spitting out like this.
Then you broke something cuz we did
a snapshot test and they don't match.
So that's what a snapshot test is.
And then you have performance testing
which is exactly what it sounds like,
testing performance of different things,
load balancing,
stuff like that, and many more.
I'm not gonna continue going.
Everybody's probably bored about all these
tests that I'm talking about, but yeah,
there's just way more testing.
I just wanted to talk about the ones that
I used before and seen other people use,
but there's just so
many more different types of tests,
especially when you talk
about different frameworks.